README.md, before:

# Hi, I’m Jay!

I love developing games 🎮, creating desktop apps 📊, making websites 🌐, and getting lots of green squares in my GitHub contribution graph.

I am skilled at Godot 🤖, Java ☕, Go, Python, and several Javascript frameworks, and I also have some experience with C++, Kotlin, Unity, and Unreal Engine.

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=JaryJay)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

## Spring Dynasty

I'm currently working on a 6-player real-time-strategy game called [Spring Dynasty](https://github.com/JaryJay/spring-dynasty). It's built with Godot 4! It's also open-source, so please take a look :)

![image](https://github.com/JaryJay/JaryJay/assets/47123100/b8181df4-5b4e-48ac-b519-52a67cc1e4b0)

## Check out my other cool repositories!
The below repositories are listed in descending order of greatness:

1. [robotany](https://devpost.com/software/the-plant-whisperer), a smart, remote-controlled, NLP-powered flowerpot that my team and I made for Hack the North 2023. We were one of the finalists -- the **top 12 out of 250 teams**!
1. [nengen](https://github.com/virtual-cardboard/nengen), a **game engine** built with OpenGL and Java, which also supports p2p networking!
1. [hermitrade](https://devpost.com/software/hermitrade), an **ethereum-based** second-hand electronics marketplace made with **React**, **Typescript** and **Solidity**. This project, which I worked on with 3 other cool people, won **2 prizes**🏆 at JamHacks 2022!
1. [derealizer](https://github.com/virtual-cardboard/derealizer), a java **serialization** library built for our **LWJGL game engine**. I also made a [Vue webapp](https://derealizer-class-generator.netlify.app/#/generate) built with TailwindCSS 🍃 for generating serializable Java classes.
1. [se-project](https://github.com/JaryJay/se-project), a **skribbl.io clone** made in Processing that uses TCP sockets. I made it for my computer science assignment in grade 11.
1. [jaryjay-sharnon](https://github.com/JaryJay/jaryjay-sharnon), a command-line tool for managing **tabletop role playing games**, made in plain Java
1. [cellular-automata](https://github.com/JaryJay/cellular-automata), a **plant growth** simulation made in Processing
1. [ClothSimulation](https://github.com/JaryJay/ClothSimulation), a super satisfying cloth simulation made in Processing
1. [BoxHead](https://github.com/JaryJay/BoxHead), a 2d top-down zombie shooter with **pathfinding**, made in Processing

## Contact methods

You can reach me via [Email](mailto:jay.jrjren@gmail.com), Discord (jaryjay), and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jay-yuan-ren-107892211/). Please contact me via email for anything professional, and via Discord for everything else.

Commit message:

Add facebook-bot and kijiji-bot-2
Also update the gradient of the GitHub contribution streak

README.md, after:

# Hi, I’m Jay!

I love developing games 🎮, creating desktop apps 📊, making websites 🌐, and getting lots of green squares in my GitHub contribution graph.

I am skilled at Godot 🤖, Java ☕, Go, Python, and several JavaScript frameworks, and I also have some experience with C++, Kotlin, Unity, and Unreal Engine.

Notable JavaScript frameworks/libraries that I've used include React, Vue, Angular, Electron

![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=JaryJay&theme=tokyonight&background=45%2C0C3269%2C832D4B&border=0D1117)

## Spring Dynasty

I'm currently working on a 6-player real-time-strategy game called [Spring Dynasty](https://github.com/JaryJay/spring-dynasty). It's built with Godot 4! It's also open-source, so please take a look :)

![image](https://github.com/JaryJay/JaryJay/assets/47123100/b8181df4-5b4e-48ac-b519-52a67cc1e4b0)

## Check out my other cool repositories!
The below repositories are listed in descending order of greatness:

1. [robotany](https://devpost.com/software/the-plant-whisperer), a smart, remote-controlled, NLP-powered flowerpot that my team and I made for Hack the North 2023. We were one of the finalists -- the **top 12 out of 250 teams**!
1. [nengen](https://github.com/virtual-cardboard/nengen), a **game engine** built with OpenGL and Java, which also supports p2p networking!
1. [hermitrade](https://devpost.com/software/hermitrade), an **ethereum-based** second-hand electronics marketplace made with **React**, **Typescript** and **Solidity**. This project, which I worked on with 3 other cool people, won **2 prizes**🏆 at JamHacks 2022!
1. [facebook-bot](https://github.com/JaryJay/facebook-bot), an automatic Facebook Marketplace web scraper with a desktop UI made with Electron (not open source)
1. [kijiji-bot-2](https://github.com/JaryJay/kijiji-bot-2), an automatic Kijiji web scraper with a desktop UI made with Electron (also not open source)
1. [derealizer](https://github.com/virtual-cardboard/derealizer), a java **serialization** library built for our **LWJGL game engine**. I also made a [Vue webapp](https://derealizer-class-generator.netlify.app/#/generate) built with TailwindCSS 🍃 for generating serializable Java classes.
1. [se-project](https://github.com/JaryJay/se-project), a **skribbl.io clone** made in Processing that uses TCP sockets. I made it for my computer science assignment in grade 11.
1. [jaryjay-sharnon](https://github.com/JaryJay/jaryjay-sharnon), a command-line tool for managing **tabletop role playing games**, made in plain Java
1. [cellular-automata](https://github.com/JaryJay/cellular-automata), a **plant growth** simulation made in Processing
1. [ClothSimulation](https://github.com/JaryJay/ClothSimulation), a super satisfying cloth simulation made in Processing
1. [BoxHead](https://github.com/JaryJay/BoxHead), a 2d top-down zombie shooter with **pathfinding**, made in Processing

## Contact methods

You can reach me via [Email](mailto:jay.jrjren@gmail.com), Discord (jaryjay), and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jay-yuan-ren-107892211/). Please contact me via email for anything professional and via Discord for everything else.
